[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Biohacking.
It's not just about
being well, it's
about being more than well.
It's the power to
transform yourself.
Are we ready?
I'm Dave Asprey.
And this is Biohacking.
Hi.
I'm Dave Asprey.
I've written a "New
York Times" best
selling science book about
improving brain function,
and I run a neuroscience
company that increases
people's mental performance.
In this episode,
I will teach you
how to make your brain work
better than it normally does
and how to fight against the
types of brain inflammation
that will lead to
cognitive decline.
You can be directly in control
of how much focus you have.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I had to learn this because I
had a very successful career
in Silicon Valley in my 20s.
I ended up buying
disability insurance
because I was so tired and I
couldn't remember anything,
and no doctor could
tell me what was wrong.
So I became very serious about
hacking my brain to the point
that I decided I would get
my MBA at Wharton while I
was working full time.
And I started failing
out of my classes.
And I thought to myself, maybe
I'm not trying hard enough.
So I tried even harder.
And then I thought
to myself, maybe
I'm just not as smart
as all of my classmates.
It was actually a really
scary time for me.
The brain fog was so intense
that I could bite my cheek,
I could try to pay
attention, and I would just
watch the things I
was trying to learn,
things I cared about
just disappear.
And when it came
time to take a test,
I would just score
0 on some questions.
I just couldn't bring it.
And I was ashamed of it
to be perfectly honest.
So I went to a psychiatrist,
and I read a book
about changing your
brain and changing
your life by Dr. Daniel Amen.
And it was a book
about the spect scan.
So I ended up drinking
some radioactive sugar
and doing a scan of my brain
while I tried to pay attention.
And when I walked into
the psychiatrist's office,
he clearly thought
I was a guy trying
to get some Adderall
so I could maybe
get through business school.
This is a common
thing people do.
That's not good for you.
But that wasn't my goal.
When you saw my
brain scan, he just
said, "Dave, inside your
brain is total chaos.
You have the best camouflage
of anyone I've ever seen.
I don't know how you're
standing here in front of me."
And I felt so
validated because that
was the moment that I understood
that I wasn't a moral failure.
I wasn't dumb.
I was actually dealing
with a hardware problem.
There were pieces
of my brain that
had been damaged by toxic
mold and by poor sleep
and by lifestyle and eating the
wrong things, all of the things
I was doing wrong.
And what it led to was
that I had no blood
flow in my prefrontal cortex,
the part of your brain
that is responsible for
cognitive behavior and decision
making.
There was just no energy.
So I'm trying to bring
it on an exam or at work,
and no matter how
hard I try, it doesn't
work because trying isn't
what makes the brain work.
In fact, the brain
doesn't even like to try.
It likes to save energy.
And this led me to experiment
with cognitive-enhancing
pharmaceuticals and
natural substances
with electrical stimulation
across my brain.
And to record this for you
with all the knowledge you're
getting here today, I spent
six months with the electrodes
glued to my brain, seeing
what my brain was doing,
and learning how to
consciously control it.
Each week of doing
that is the equivalent
of doing 20, 30, 40 years of
daily meditation practice.
So I can run eight companies,
I can record this for you,
I can write book after book
because I upgraded my brain.
I fixed the problems,
and then I went beyond.
And I want you to understand
you can do this too.
You don't need to spend
$1 million the way I did.
Most of that was hacking
and figuring it out.
You can do this because
we know what works.
And this is an absolute
summary of the things
you can do with your brain.
And I know it works
because 10 years later, I
saw Dr. Amen again and ended up
joining his board of directors.
And my brain was healed.
It worked.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There are two things that
are going to control most
of what happens in your brain.
One of them is how much
energy does your brain make,
and we'll get into that
mitochondrial connection
in a minute.
And the other one
is neuroplasticity,
which is, how much
can your brain change?
Now both of these are
very recent in the history
of science.
Starting in the '90s,
we really acknowledged
that your brain can change.
Before that, they would
teach you in medical school
that your brain was born
with the same number of cells
it would die with and that it
couldn't change whatsoever.
That is just wrong,
but some people still
believe that even today.
We know now which
hormones and signals
cause BDNF and NGF, two of
the things inside the brain
to create a younger,
more neuroplastic brain.
If you can do
that, you will have
a brain that is better
than average for someone
no matter what age you are.
And if you can make more
energy in your brain,
you will have a brain
that is willing to do more
and can do more than
it could before.
This is a major
problem because right
now between age 30 and 70,
the average mitochondrial
performance decreases
by about 50%.
So when you're 25 or 30,
you put a gram of food
into a mitochondria, it'll
make X amount of energy.
You put that same gram of
food in 25 years later,
it'll make half as
much energy unless you
hack your energy production,
which is something
that you absolutely can do.
Every one of the
episodes in this series
is designed to help you do that.
There's a little problem though,
if mitochondrial performance
goes down with age,
well, it turns out
50% of people under age 30
have early onset mitochondrial
dysfunction.
What?
What that means is that you may
have old energy in your brain
even though you're young.
And it's getting worse
because of pesticide, because
of these plant-based
fats that are
replacing animal-based fats.
And people are trying
to do the right thing,
they're just not doing
something that's working.
So you may be one of the
50% of people under 30 or 40
who has a brain that's older,
and you may just be older
and have an older brain.
What happens when
your brain doesn't
make enough electricity?
Well, you have brain weaknesses.
You forget stuff
the way I used to.
You have these profound
cravings you can't explain.
You open the refrigerator and
don't know why you opened it.
You go to the store
and can't remember
what you wanted to buy.
You put the car keys somewhere
that they don't belong.
You cannot focus when
you want to focus.
You have low energy
when you don't
want to have low energy or and
this is maybe the worst thing
that I experienced is
moodiness and anger.
When your brain doesn't
have enough electricity,
you just don't
have enough energy
to catch a negative emotion.
Your kid says something
and it pushes a button.
And if you were at
your full power,
you would take a deep breath and
say, that's not how we do it.
But instead you snap
and you yell, and then
you feel bad about yourself
and you apologize ideally.
Well, what happened there?
What happened is you
didn't have enough energy
to make the right
decision to catch it.
So your job is to
have enough energy
to handle anything that
life brings your way,
whether it's some
ridiculous rule that
just got imposed on you.
And instead of freaking out and
going into trauma you actually
say, here's how I'm
going to deal with that
or being triggered.
When your brain
is at full power,
you cannot be triggered
because you're in charge.
When your brain is weak,
you are easy to trigger
because you don't
have the energy it
takes to just feel the
emotion and then make
the right decision.
Instead, you feel the emotion,
then you become reactive.
And it's not your fault. It's
because your brain didn't
have the energy.
But it is up to you to make
sure your brain has that energy
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Your first step is to address
the biohacking basics.
You're looking at
things like nutrition,
there's an episode on
that; things like hormones,
there's an episode
on that; and things
like toxins and
detoxing, there's
another episode on that.
All of those affect
mitochondrial function
which affects your brain.
Your nervous system
is made up of neurons,
and your neurons are
powered by mitochondria.
Mitochondria are
these ancient bacteria
that are embedded in our cells.
They serve as
environmental sensors.
And once they figure
out what's going on,
then they make electricity or
they make neurotransmitters
or they make hormones.
So they're manufacturing
plants, not just batteries.
But your neurons have
about 15,000 mitochondria
in each one, but
normal cells might just
have a couple hundred.
So neurons are like these super
powered cells in the brain.
And they form networks
with each other.
All of your mitochondria
talk to each other.
They vote, and they have this
rich social life, which makes
them a collective intelligence.
And it's distributed.
Well, your neurons do the
same thing between each other.
And something really interesting
happens, your mitochondria
decide what's going on
in the world around you
before you get a signal
of what's going on.
That means that your sense of
hearing, of taste, of vision,
all of these things a signal
gets into the body, the body
does something to the signal,
it basically summarizes it,
and then it gives it
to your brain later.
We can measure
something called P300.
And this is a lag time
between when you hear a sound
and when your brain gets
the first electrical signal
that there's a sound.
Most people by the time they're
in their 30s, it's about a 1/3
of a second.
When you're 18, it's about
a quarter of a second.
So that means that
when I clap my hands,
it feels like you
heard it right away.
But if we're
measuring your brain,
your body picked up
the signal, and then it
showed it to your brain
a 1/3 of a second later.
And your brain edits
out that lag time.
So neither you nor
I can perceive it,
but we can measure it.
So, what's going on there?
Well, mitochondrial
function and brain training
are things that actually work.
So when you turn up your
mitochondrial energy,
you can have a better
view of reality.
Another way of saying that
is you become more conscious.
The mitochondria,
including the ones
in your brain and
the neurons they're
your organs of
perception of the world.
When you boil down
all of the things that
are based on mitochondria,
they're at the very foundation.
Make those guys
stronger, and you
can become more conscious
of everything in the world
more quickly.
That means that when you want
to apply energy to focus,
you have the energy to focus.
When you want to go into an
altered state via breathwork
or meditation or neurofeedback,
all the different ways you
can do it, you can more
easily access those states.
You can do it because
you have the power
to access those states.
So running around
with a brain that's
at 50% of its possible
power is entirely possible.
But when you turn that
power up via the things
we just talked about, via all
of the different biohacks,
it's unimaginable what
your brain is capable of.
And you can see straight
through reality,
and you can do it in a
way that makes you choose
to be kind to other people.
And that's why biohacking
is so important to me.
But let's say that you do
turn up energy in your brain,
you also want a brain
that can change,
that can adapt to
reality, in fact, it
can change in the ways
you want it to change.
So that means turn
up energy, and then
turn up neuroplasticity.
And it turns out that there
are multiple things that
determine neurogenesis, the
ability to build new neurons.
And your diet is one thing
that determines neurogenesis.
If you follow the
recommendations
in the nutrition
and food episode,
you're going to
get a lot of this.
But I want to make sure you
understand these points that
are specific to your brain.
Your brain is made out of
healthy fats and cholesterol.
There's a lot of
cholesterol in your brain.
Cholesterol is not bad for
you, but oxidized cholesterol
is bad for you.
So burned cholesterol, deep
fried foods, not good for you.
Butter, eggs with runny yolks,
grass-fed beef these actually
help your brain make neurons
because the lining of neurons
is made out of these things.
And deep fried omega 6 fats
and omega 6 fats in general
are not good for neurogenesis.
Eating a high sugar
diet in studies
slows your brain's ability
to build new neurons.
And one of the things
that is like Miracle-Gro
for your neurons is
called bioflavonoids.
Bioflavonoids are colored
compounds in foods and spices.
Now that may make you
say, oh, I clearly
should go out and eat
the rainbow of foods.
But in the nutrition module,
you learn that a lot of foods
have things in them that
aren't good for you.
So the magical source
of these bioflavonoids
is the number one
source is coffee,
which is very rich in them,
tea, dark chocolate, and herbs
and spices.
If you eat lots of those, you
will get hundreds of times
more bioflavonoids
than you would
get from eating a salad with
lots of bright colors in it.
So just be aware, that
herb crust on the steak
is far more important
than having some bell
peppers in your salad.
And you can just prove
that with science.
Now there are also
supplements that
contain bioflavonoids
that guarantee
you're going to
get what you need
to turn on both mitochondria
energy and neuroplasticity.
There are also studies that
show a fasting mimicking
diet or intermittent
fasting will
promote myelin regeneration.
Myelin is the insulation
around your nerves
that allows them to carry
electricity with less energy.
So if you eat enough
of the right fats
like we talked about, do some
intermittent fasting but not
too much, and do
things like sleep,
magically your brain will
become more neuroplastic.
And maybe you should
do some deep breaths
or some meditation.
And you'll learn more
about that as you
go through the biohacking
program with me.
Because studies show that
chronic stress inhibits
neurogenesis in the
hippocampus, which
is the part of the brain
that's most neuroplastic.
And if you experience continued
stress and depression,
you can actually get
neural atrophy, which means
your neurons start to shrink.
One thing that
really, really helps
is movement or exercise,
because that increases
blood flow in your brain.
More blood flow equals
more neurogenesis.
On the flip side, we are
dealing with a higher neurotoxin
load than ever before
because of heavy metals that
are present in our soils, in
our kale, in our water supply,
in our oceans.
We have more man-made chemicals
than ever before, lots
of solvents in new cars,
in household products,
lots of additives and these
actually lower neurogenesis.
They can kill brain cells.
That new car smell,
that new mattress
you bought that smells bad is
actually bad for your brain.
So since we all live in a
world full of those things,
it's up to us to
upregulate our neurogenesis
so that we can stay
at least normal
or you could go
way beyond normal.
And that's what
biohacking is all about.
Some things are a
lot of fun, though.
Scientists found that an
enriched or a fun environment
enhances neuron production
in animals and in kids.
And another fun thing
is in studies of animals
and almost certainly humans,
regular sexual activity
increases new neurons
in the hippocampus,
especially if it's
conscious sex.
So having a loving
relationship where
you feel safe and
connected is going
to be good for your brain.
And you could say,
literally, Dave Asprey
told me to have more sex.
Just try that line.
It might work for you.
Now most of these pathways
work by increasing BDNF,
which is brain-derived
neurotrophic factor.
And that is a magical way
to just tell your body,
it's OK to make
new nerves, but you
can stack things on top of it.
One of them is ketosis.
We talked about this a little
bit in the nutrition episode,
but ketosis is interesting
because your mitochondria
create ATP more efficiently
from ketones than from glucose.
When you have ketones
present in your body,
your heart gets 28%
more energy from ketones
than it does from blood sugar.
And your brain does
the same thing.
This means you don't always
want to be in ketosis.
But if you were to
intermittent fast, maybe
use some of that C8 MCT oil
in the morning with coffee
full of minerals,
you can actually
turn up your mitochondrial
energy and your neurogenesis
just because you
had enough energy.
So cyclical ketosis is
good for your brain.
Studies show that your neurons
prefer energy from ketones
because it's higher
octane energy.
And other cells, the
cells inside your brain
called glial cells that
repair and maintain myelin,
they like glucose.
This is why you don't want to
be in ketosis all the time.
You want to sometimes
have some ketones present
and sometimes have
some carbs present
so you get the power
system in the neurons
and the regeneration
system in the glial cells.
Your body evolved to have
carbs when you get to eat,
and then usually there
wasn't food for a while.
So we would always cycle between
ketones, carbs, ketones, carbs.
Since we now have the power
of biohacking technology,
on any day you have carbs.
You can also have
some C8 MCT oil,
and magically that adds
enough ketones into your diet
that your neurons are happy
and your glial cells are
happy at the same time.
And if you do this
for a while, you
will see profound changes
in your food cravings
and in your ability to think.
I truly know that when
your brain is running
the way it's supposed to run,
we are wired inside our cells
to be kind to each other and
to take care of the world
around us.
But if we're running on half
the energy in our brain,
we just don't have the
energy to choose to do
the right thing all the time.
And then we're like,
why did I do that?
Well, maybe you did it because
you didn't have enough energy
to do the right thing.
And it wasn't your fault, but
you are responsible for it
because now you know what to do.
And while we're at it,
let's talk a little bit
about light and your brain.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In the sleep episode,
we talked about light
and how it signals your
brain for sleep, but let's
talk about light
and mitochondria.
We evolved to absorb sunlight
into every cell in our body,
including mitochondria.
They actually have
photoreceptors in them.
Your body just doesn't recognize
a blend of light frequencies
from junk light.
It feels like static.
It doesn't feel like sunlight,
so the body doesn't quite
know what to do with it.
Light is a nutrient, but
certain types of light
we know what they do.
Red and infrared light stimulate
certain parts of the brain
if you aim them at the
right parts of the brain.
And when I say
stimulate, the red light
adds electrons which
your body can use.
And infrared light
changes water biochemistry
so that you make ATP more
efficiently, more effectively.
These are clinically studied.
There are dozens and
dozens of studies that
support what I'm talking about.
And I started one of the
first red-light therapy
companies out there
based on the early data.
In addition, a
neuroscientist from MIT
found that lights that
blink 40 times per second
can break up amyloid
tangles in the brain.
So one of the things I
do is I take red lights
from my light therapy company,
and I'll put them over my head.
And you can feel a
difference in your cognition.
There are a variety
of devices you
can get that do light therapy
that way and even clinics
like Upgrade Labs where you
can go in and get this done.
So, what does this mean?
It means you can
go out and order
a low-cost, red-light
therapy device
and put it over your brain
and see changes in it.
Or you can go to a very
high-end neuroscience clinic
and they'll use a laser over
a certain part of the brain
and stimulate that
region of the brain
in a way that is
scientifically validated.
Direct control over your
brain with lasers and lights
is now possible.
We are living in the future,
and it's actually pretty cool.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Inside your brain is
the glymphatic system.
This is how your brain
washes itself at night.
And it's active during sleep.
If you can have increased growth
hormone during deep sleep,
it stimulates neurogenesis and
growth of new mitochondria.
So control your sleep quality by
listening to the sleep episode.
And the side effect
of that is that you
can have more growth
hormone, which
means you can have more
neuroplasticity and more
mitochondria.
That's a really good return
on investment for sleep.
And sleep strengthens
connections between your brain
cells.
So there's a network
where certain brain
cells like to talk to
each other more or less.
And that is tunable, but it
also improves your memory.
And one good night of sleep
will improve your ability
to gain new insight into
complex problems by about 50%.
There's also fitness.
There's a whole episode
on fitness for you.
But let's talk about
your brain and fitness
and how those fit together.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Exercise activates
something called PGC-1 alpha
which directly increases
levels of BDNF,
that brain-derived
nootropic factor that
makes your brain more plastic.
So pick up some heavy
things for five minutes,
and then magically your brain
will be able to learn better.
And researchers at
Northwestern found
that exercise lowers activity of
bone morphogenic protein, which
is a protein that reduces
the rate of neurogenesis.
It also raises
levels of, get this,
a transmitter
called noggin, which
is a protein that counteracts
BMP and increases neurogenesis.
So that's a complex
reaction taking place there.
But the bottom line is doing
some exercise increases
neurogenesis.
And now we even know which
steps are affected by that.
Some simple things you can
do that will really help
is you can take a movement
break throughout the day.
If you want to really
make a difference,
after lunch, do 5
or 10 Air Squats.
That alone can
increase neurogenesis,
and it also controls
blood sugar better.
But one of the
biggest exercises that
can make a difference for you
is cross lateral movement.
That improves brain power.
And when you force your
left and right hemispheres
to work together,
that's a stimulus.
So my right hand goes over
here, and my left hand
goes over here, like you
would in table tennis,
like you would in
pickleball, like you would in
yoga where you cross over.
That makes the brain have
to communicate better
between the spheres.
In another study of 15
men, 14 weeks of resistance
training without even
knowing about biohacking,
they had stronger and
faster neural drive,
and that's the ability to
send electrical signals
from the brain to the muscles.
This is really
important for you.
That's why you
want some fitness,
but it doesn't take a
lot of time to do that.
Now let's get into the
real biohacking levels
around neurofeedback.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Running a biofeedback company
or a neurofeedback company
for almost 10 years
now, I've had a chance
to look at more than 1,500
entrepreneurs and actors
and pro athletes' brainwaves and
my brainwaves and compare them.
And we know now
with 100% certainty
is that meditation changes
the structure of your brain.
And that's why Gaia
Network is so important
because you learn so
many different styles
and techniques of
meditation, all of them
can improve your
brain structure.
So if a better
brain is your goal,
pick a Gaia course on
meditation and learn what you're
going to learn in this one.
Do what works best for you
because your brain will
evolve and change.
And what it does is it develops
more folds in the brain's
outer layer.
And that's a trait
correlated with intelligence.
When you have more
folds in your brain,
it makes it easier for
you to process information
because you have more surface
area for neurons to work with.
Studies also show that
meditation thickens areas
of your cortex and insula.
And this is where you
get complex thoughts,
bodily awareness, concentration,
and problem solving.
So, what's the best
way to meditate?
Well, whatever
way works for you.
But the best way of all
is with EEG neurofeedback
because when you do this,
you come into a clinic that
does that, and you
glue electrodes
to various parts of your brain.
And those electrodes are
measuring electrical output
from the brain.
And when you have
that electrode output,
it goes into a computer.
And then the computer shows
you how your meditation looks.
When you're coming to My
Neurofeedback Center what we do
is we look at what very
advanced meditation
looks like in a
brain of someone who
really has mastered forgiveness,
has mastered gratitude.
And we say, all right,
when you meditate,
we're going to teach you
what visualizations do.
But when you
meditate, the sounds
are going to get louder when
you're doing a better job,
and they'll get quieter
when you do a worse job.
So with regular
meditation, you sit there
and you take the deep breaths
and you visualize the Buddha
or whatever your teacher
has taught you to do.
And I have practiced with
gurus around the world
to learn how to do this.
So you're sitting there, and
maybe you're doing it right,
maybe you're not.
And if you have a
really good teacher,
they're going to pick
up what you're doing.
And they're going to
tell you to do something,
but it takes a long time.
And right now the
world needs people
who are conscious and
aware really quickly.
So what I'm doing
is I'm sitting there
and if I meditate the wrong
way, I don't hear anything.
If I meditate the right way,
I hear it really, really well.
So this can take years off
of your meditation practice.
And that's why this idea that
you could do 40 years of Zen
meditation in five days,
well, that's what I do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So now let's assume that you
have a meditation practice
already or maybe you're using
one of these upgraded ones.
But what are the
brain supplements
that are going to
make your brain work
better because this was a major
part of me improving my brain
function?
By the way, in order for
brain supplements to work,
you have to have
the basics done.
One of them is
called vitamin DAKE.
That's vitamin D-A-K-E. And
the other one is called a Broad
Spectrum Mineral Supplement.
These are baseline for
every biological system,
including your brain.
One of the most tried
and true of all the brain
supplements with
dozens of studies that
show it makes you live
longer and improves cognition
is called caffeine.
It's mother nature's
original smart drug.
It also blocks
inflammation in the brain.
It enhances cognition.
Another one that
people miss a lot
is coenzyme Q10, which
is a common supplement,
but it protects against
oxidative stress
and makes mitochondria stronger.
Other common things
that improve your brain
are vitamin B12 and
folinic acid or folate.
You need these for
mental function.
And if you're
deficient in one, you
become deficient in the other.
And you want to use the
methylated form called
methylcobalamin not folic acid.
Then there's magnesium.
It's used in more than 300
enzymatic processes, including
making ATP, which your
brain needs to make energy.
It reverses effects of stress
in your brain, increases memory,
and cognitive function.
Then there's something
called creatine, which
bodybuilders used to take.
Creatine increases working
memory and intelligence.
It's exceptionally safe, and
everyone should be on it.
If you are on a plant-based
diet exclusively,
the first thing you
should do is add some ghee
from grass-fed cows in so you
can absorb your bioflavonoids.
And the second
thing you should do
is you should take
creatine because creatine
is lacking if you're
on a plant-based diet.
After that massive brain changes
from Krill Oil and astaxanthin,
which is a colored compound
a bioflavonoid that
comes from eating krill
or it can come from algae
in the ocean when
it's concentrated,
it helps to fight inflammation.
It maintains brain structure.
It keeps neurons in the
brain communicating freely.
I take five times the normal
dose of astaxanthin every day,
and I have for years.
You can also get
blends of polyphenols
that protect your mitochondria
and directly increase BDNF.
So look for a polyphenol blend.
There's something
called oxaloacetic acid,
which is part of making energy.
And this is a very
powerful cognitive booster
I've used for more
than 10 years.
There's also PQQ.
This is a very potent
thing that increases
mitochondrial biogenesis.
And it protects
against inflammation.
It stimulates nerve
growth factor.
And it causes you to
regenerate peripheral nerves.
But if you have stomach acid
present, it doesn't work.
So take it with a little
bit of baking soda.
And finally, to directly
stimulate nerve growth factor,
there's two things you could do.
One of them is a
lion's mane extract
that includes heat and
alcohol extractives
or you could do a green
coffee fruit extract.
Both of those have studies
that show that they
increase neuroplasticity.
So if you're into
meditation, you're
into improving your
brain, you might consider.
Those are some of the big guns.
But there are so
many more supplements
that can change your
mental function.
You don't need to take them all.
This isn't a race to
see who takes the most.
This is a race to
see how quickly
and how far you can
transform yourself.
That's why biohacking
is so important.
And you can do
this without taking
any of those supplements.
The most important
thing is that you know
you have the power to do this.
And some of them are
very, very affordable,
like vitamin DAKE
and minerals are
low cost things that transform
every system in the body.
And others like
lion's mane mushroom
are very micro-focused.
I just want you to know there's
a big world of nootropics
out there.
And I share a lot of information
about this online for you
for free.
I'm Dave Asprey.
And this is Biohacking.
[MUSIC PLAYING]